Update README with detailed getting started info (#78)
kurtosis-tech/kurtosis: docs/docs/reference/starlark-instructions.md

The `exec` instruction on the [`plan`][plan-reference] object executes commands on a given service as if they were running in a shell on the container.

:::caution

> The previous `exec` instruction signature `exec(recipe=recipe)` is also accepted but will be deprecated soon, we suggest users to use this new one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The previous `ExecRecipe` type `ExecRecipe(service_name = "my_service", command = ["echo", "Hello, world"])` is also accepted but will be deprecated soon, we suggest users to use this new one where the `service_name` argument is passed in via the `execRecipe` instruction signature instead. 
```

I think this makes more sense to me. What do you think?

Reviewer 2: yeap! makes sense
